Plotting t s diagram (#1)
Nzb0731/TESPy-FYP: docs/basics/rankine_cycle.rst

After rerunning, we will see that the condensation temperature and pressure
are both automatically calculated by the specified terminal temperature value.

Generating T-s Diagram
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> To visualize the Rankine Cycle, we may generate a temperature (T) versus 
> entropy (s) diagram. To do this, we can import fluprodia (Fluid Property Diagram) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To visualize the Rankine Cycle, we generate a temperature (T) versus 
entropy (s) diagram using the fluprodia (Fluid Property Diagram) 
```

> package. To successfully plot the T-s diagram, following steps are required:

Reviewer: I feel like, right after mentioning fluprodia package, we show the code first, then explain the steps. Looks smoother in terms of flow to me. If you are happy with this change:

```suggestion
package.

.. dropdown:: Click to expand to code section

    .. literalinclude:: /../tutorial/basics/rankine.py
        :language: python
        :start-after: [sec_Ts]
        :end-before: [sec_5]
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps involved in generating the T-s diagram are as follows:
```

- Import the Package: Import fluprodia and create an object by passing the alias of the fluid.
- Specify the Unit System: Set the unit system for all fluid properties.
- Specify Custom Isolines: Define custom isolines for the diagram.
- Calculate and Draw Isolines: Calculate and draw the isolines based on the model results.
- Save and Export the Diagram: Save and export the completed T-s diagram.

.. dropdown:: Click to expand to code section

    .. literalinclude:: /../tutorial/basics/rankine.py
        :language: python

>         :start-after: [sec_extra]

Reviewer: So I understand this will affect the importing code of the current documentation, and to avoid changing the `sec_number`, I think it's ok to put a non-numeric `sec` here. But maybe we name it as `sec-Ts`
```suggestion
        :start-after: [sec_Ts]
```

> .. dropdown:: Click to expand to code section
> 
>     .. literalinclude:: /../tutorial/basics/rankine.py
>         :language: python
>         :start-after: [sec_extra]
>         :end-before: [sec_5]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. figure:: /_static/images/basics/rankine_ts_diagram.svg
    :align: center
    :alt: T-s Diagram of Rankine Cycle
    :figclass: only-light

    Figure: T-s Diagram of Rankine Cycle

Besides visualization, this feature is also useful for analysis purposes. 
For example, the T-s diagram above shows a closed loop, validating the accuracy 

> of the model. By applying fluprodia, you can create and customize 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the model. By applying fluprodia, we can create and customize 
```

> For example, the T-s diagram above shows a closed loop, validating the accuracy 
> of the model. By applying fluprodia, you can create and customize 

Reviewer: Check and see if the suggestion is correct technically? 

```suggestion
For example, if the T-s diagram forms a closed-loop, validating the accuracy 
of the model and that the operating fluid completes a successful Rankine cycle. By applying fluprodia, you can create and customize 
```

different types of diagrams for all pure and pseudo-pure fluids 

> available in CoolProp. For more information on fluprodia have a look at the
> `online documentation <https://fluprodia.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available in CoolProp. For more information on fluprodia, we refer users to the
`fluprodia documentation <https://fluprodia.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_.
```

        :language: python
        :start-after: [sec_Ts]
        :end-before: [sec_5]

The steps involved in generating the T-s diagram are as follows:
- Import the Package: Import fluprodia and create an object by passing the alias of the fluid.
- Specify the Unit System: Set the unit system for all fluid properties.
- Specify Custom Isolines: Define custom isolines for the diagram.
- Calculate and Draw Isolines: Calculate and draw the isolines based on the model results.
- Save and Export the Diagram: Save and export the completed T-s diagram.

.. figure:: /_static/images/basics/rankine_ts_diagram.svg
    :align: center
    :alt: T-s Diagram of Rankine Cycle
    :figclass: only-light

    Figure: T-s Diagram of Rankine Cycle

Besides visualization, this feature is also useful for analysis purposes. 
For example, if the T-s diagram forms a closed loop, validating the accuracy of the model and 
that the operating fluid completes a successful Rankine Cycle. By applying fluprodia, 
we can create and customize different types of diagrams for all pure and pseudo-pure fluids 
available in CoolProp. For more information on fluprodia, we refer users to the

> `fluprodia documentation <https://fluprodia.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_.

Reviewer: What is the ending underscore `_` about? I don't see that it is required for hyperlink

Author: Yes, I think should be a typo. Thanks for pointing out, I will make the changes.
